His seafood is so fresh it’ll slap ya.
[They] make a porchetta that you won’t forgetta.
Short of screaming-hot Thai food, everything can be suitable for kids too.
No matter how tough the meat may be, it's going to be tender if you slice it thin enough.
Cooking is like snow skiing: If you don't fall at least 10 times, then you're not skiing hard enough.
you must have a PhD in Deliciousness
holy moly, stromboli
I'm driving the bus to flavortown
it was a lightning bolt of an idea in flavor town that pranked the unprankable mayor, guy fieri
i could put this on a flip flop and it would taste good.
did you get any tater with that gator?
the sauce is money!
you're takin' the gobble full throttle!
this place is bananas. and bananas is good.
love, peace, and taco grease!
his seafood is so fresh it'll slap ya.
you don't have to eat a whole cheeseburger, just take a piece of the cheeseburger.
Mega-super outta-bounds, supercalifragilistic tender!
Slamma JAMMA that’s a big clamma!!
I’m mining for food in Flavortown River. Oh look, nuggets of onion rings.
I’m literally four or five bites into this, and I’m pulling into the depot of the Flavortown of Full...
I feel like I’m in lasagna surgery here at Flavortown Memorial...
I wanna be the ambassador to Chimichanga Flavor Town.
You've got balls inviting me here.
I'm a five-seasons griller! Did you know I added a new season?
My hair is impervious to any kind of dampness, so I don't have too much to worry about.
Some people are just born to cook and talk.
that's dreamy and creamy
that's a hot frisbee of fun
that's falafelistic
can't knock the wurst!
those are the culinary buoys in the shipyard of Flavortown
that's a lean, mean pinto bean
talk about the meanie panini
this is like the food Mardi Gras right here
I just want to smear this all over me
brother, that's beyond working for me
that's a Mack Daddy patty
this is some legit food
that's some money hash
this is a flavor temple
that's a winner-winner chicken dinner right there
that'll make you "challah"
I don't know if it's the Philharmonic or Metallica... but that right there jams
that's slamma jamma in Alabama
the flavor jets just turned on. they're trying to shut down the flavor fire I've got going on in my mouth.
the crust is just bomb-dot-com flaky
it's like talking in the middle of an opera... can't you hear it singing?
that's the real deal
monster flavor
that would be good out of a shoe
